Edits to pagination overview (#7252)
apollographql/apollo-client: docs/source/pagination/overview.mdx

When a client queries a paginated list field, the server returns only a portion (or "page") of the list's elements. The client's query includes arguments that indicate _which_ page the server should return:

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram;
  Client app->>GraphQL server: query GetBookTitles(offset=0 limit=20)
  GraphQL server->>Client app: Returns the first 20 list elements
  Client app->>GraphQL server: query GetBookTitles(offset=20 limit=10)
  GraphQL server->>Client app: Returns the next 10 list elements
```

This diagram shows **offset-based** pagination, in which a client requests a page based on an absolute index in the list (`offset`) and the maximum number of elements to return (`limit`).

There are many different pagination strategies a server can use for a particular list field: offset-based, cursor-based, page-number-based, forwards, backwards, and so on. Each strategy requires a slightly different set of arguments. Because these strategies can each be useful in different situations, neither Apollo nor the GraphQL specification prescribes a canonical pagination strategy.

## The Apollo Client approach

> Instead of recommending a particular pagination strategy, Apollo Client provides flexible cache APIs that help you merge results from a paginated list field, regardless of which pagination strategy your GraphQL server uses. You can even reuse the exact same pagination logic for every list field that uses the same strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of recommending a particular pagination strategy, Apollo Client provides flexible cache APIs that help you merge results from a paginated list field, regardless of which pagination strategy your GraphQL server uses. And because these custom pagination strategies are represented by stateless functions, you can easily reuse the exact same pagination logic for every list field that uses the same strategy.
```
A little worried that "reuse the exact same pagination logic" might imply a lot of copying and pasting, when in fact it tends to be a lot more [DRY](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Don%27t_repeat_yourself) than that.
